# ByteStore
The UWin Byte Store is a website created for our COMP 3340 group project. While not complete, it currently implements most of the requirements specified in the project rubric. The functionality includes a landing page, as well as a user-facing catalog with individual product pages that are dynamically generated from a database of product details. Like an iceberg, the vast majority of this website is below the surface in the admin functionality. With authorization, admins can use a front-end interface to interact with the website database. Supported tasks include managing accounts, as well as adding, editing, or deleting products.

## Installation
Installing this website with UWindsor's myweb service is straightforward. The contents of the 'Backend' folder in this repository will be uploaded to a database, while the 'Frontend' folder will be uploaded to the selected domain in DirectAdmin. Step-by-step instructions are below.

1. First, we must upload the database to MySQL. Enter the DirectAdmin Web Control Panel and create a new database from there. Be sure to save the database name, username, and password as we will need these later. Optionally, you can create a second 'user' for the database with only SELECT permissions that can be used with the dbPublicConn authentication later, but this is not required.
2. Enter phpMyAdmin through the Direct Admin Web Control Panel and open the database you created. It should currently be empty. Import 'WebsiteDatabase.sql' with default options. This should fill in the structure of the website database with the example products, and create an empty account table.
3. Next, upload everything within the frontend folder to your domain in the Direct Admin Web Control Panel. 'public_html' should be the root folder that is served, while the 'Private' should be on the same level as that folder so that it is not served. Relative paths are used in many scripts, so be sure to set up the folder structure exactly as it is in the frontend folder. The two main folder paths should be '../DomainName/public_html/..' and '../DomainName/Private/..' in the Direct Admin Web Control Panel, with the contents of both these folders placed directly within them. You can leave the default contents of public_html in there as well if desired. Be sure to confirm everything uploaded correctly, as during testing the file upload page in the file manager was not reliable with folders.
4. Now that everything is uploaded, you have to go to the file 'dbConnect.php' in the Private folder and enter your database's name, username, and password so that the connection can be established. Be sure to enter these details in both the admin and public connection variables. If you created a user with Select only permissions, that should go in the public connection variable.
5. Your website is now in service! To create an admin account, go to the sign-up page and submit the details of the account. For the first account, you will need to set the Permission value to 'Admin' from within the database itself (using phpMyAdmin). Once you have access to the admin pages of the website though, you can use these to set the permission levels of other accounts and your own with a button there.

## Project Work Distribution
To preserve privacy, details of which github account refers to which student will be provided in the Brightspace submission, rather than here publicly.
